reorganize docs (#3608)
brimdata/zed: docs/zq/functions/typename.md

### Function

> &emsp; **typename** &mdash; lookup and return a named type

Reviewer: ```suggestion
&emsp; **typename** &mdash; look up and return a named type
```
